# Snakke om JAMstack #6

This is issue 6 of the meeting notes for the [JAMstack Oslo][7] organization.
It focuses on keeping anyone interested in [JAMstack Oslo][7] up to date.
Written by Alexander Alemayhu. 

---

We had our second event today. With interesting projects like [Imba][imba],
[Scrimba][scrimba] and [GitSpeak][gitspeak]. 

Unfortunately no recordings from today but you can checkout the links above for
more information. Definitely recommend checking out [GitSpeak][gitspeak] :wink:

Rough mental notes from today

[[toc]]

## Waffle Preparation

Being the person making the waffles today, I decided to arrive around 3 hours
before to prepare the waffle mix. The purchase list was shorter this time since
we had lots of butter and jam from last time.  Making waffles is not hard but
it did require some back and forth. Fortunately I got lots of help navigating
the kitchen and only a few things broke :sweat\_smile:. No one got hurt. I had
to stop waffle production early to enjoy the presentation.  Ideally we should
be two people making the waffles so we can switch and keep the production
going.  If you are interested in helping out next time, please [reach
out][ping].

## Reflection on the Meetup structure

I got a little bit tired so I forgot to do a [intro and outro][intro-outro].
We had two great talks which you can read more about on the [event
page][258012517]:

- Talk 1: Imba: Intuitive and powerful language for building webapps that fly by [@sindreaars](https://twitter.com/sindreaars)
- Talk 2: GitSpeak & Scrimba by [@perborgen](https://twitter.com/perborgen)

### Potential for improvements

0. Announce topic early so people get enough time to sign up
0. Send out more reminders via twitter.
0. Take more pictures for [Meetup.com][7].

Anything missing above, what do you think?

## What's next?

I had some discussions with people. We are still trying to figure out the
speaker(s) for March. We already have a topic in mind but there might be some
challenges in presenting this upcoming month but hopefully it works out. We
should still send out new invites very soon and announce the topic(s) on the
5th for the regular [#monthly-planning][mp] chat meeting.

We also have a potential speaker for April. It's going to be fun. Again no
spoilers in here, join us on [Discord][mp] for the details :wink:

We have also discussed how we can get foreigners to present in person.
Specific people we talked about are developer advocates and Norwegians living
abroad.  It's still in the discussion phase but it's possible we can figure
out a way to cover accommodation and flight for a speaker. I will follow up
on this topic but we are talking about the May - August time frame.  Nothing is
planned yet so far so, if you want to invite someone, [let us know ][ping].

The upcoming conference call for planning is  a week away on the 5th March.
Hopefully see you in the [#monthly-planning][mp] channel.

[ping]: https://jamstack-oslo.no/#ways-to-reach-out
[257379094]: https://www.meetup.com/de-DE/JAMstack-Oslo/events/257379094/
[mp]: https://discord.gg/vtnng5g
[7]: https://www.meetup.com/JAMstack-Oslo/
[r]: https://medium.freecodecamp.org/the-virtual-dom-is-slow-meet-the-memoized-dom-bb19f546cc52
[imba]: http://imba.io/
[scrimba]: https://scrimba.com/
[gitspeak]: https://gitspeak.com/
[intro-outro]: organization/intro-outro.html#introduction-and-conclusion
[258012517]: https://www.meetup.com/JAMstack-Oslo/events/258012517/
